Oct. 2019 second week
Talk with Professor Fred Solt about my research interest. I decided to conduct a pilot study to examine how the Internet in china influences public opinion. The China Family Panel Survey is one of few datasets which evaluate Chinese political attitude. Therefore, I decided to take advantage of this dataset. 
Oct. 2019 third week
After reviewing the data, I think maybe I can examine the relationship between internet use and the evaluation of local government performance. The evaluation of local government performance is a 5 scale ordered variable, so I decide to use ordered logistic regression. I find that there is a negative relationship between internet use and the evaluation of local government performance and the relationship is becoming weaker. This is interesting but I am not sure what will happen if I add more control variables. I had to study the evaluation of local government since the survey did not aks the evaluation of central government
Oct. 2019 fourth week
Professor Fred Solt said the result might suffer some endogenous problems: some unknown factors might both determine internet use and the evaluation of government performance. I agree with him. Since this is a panel survey, so maybe I can use a difference in difference analysis to examine the causal relationship between internet use and the evaluation of local government performance. 
Nov. 3rd, 2019 
I decided to include both provincial-level control variables and individual-level control variables. The individual-level control variables are age, gender, income, education levels, urban or rural residents, marriage status, and whether the respondent is a Chinese CommunistParty member as the control variables. And the provincial-level control variables are GPD, college students per 100,000 people, population, and hospital beds per 100,000 people. I try an ordinal logistic model with random effects. Since I need to analyze several data sets together I use R instead of Stata to analyze. I am also more familiar with R. The result shows that the provincial-level random-effects model and the provincial-level fixed-effect model give me almost the same result but the random effects model took me a much longer time. Therefore, I decide to use an ordinal logistic model with provincial-level fixed effects. I am thinking about how to explain the weaker relationship. 
Nov. 7, 2019
I think there might be four possible explanations. First, the new internet users might make a more positive evaluation of government performance so it might balance the negative performance evaluation made by other internet users. Therefore, the difference between the evaluations made by internet users and people who do not use the internet becomes smaller. Second, there might be more online propaganda that changes people's perceptions. Third, online censorship might become more advanced which limits the negative media coverage of governments. Finally, there more dishonest answer. Internet users feel more political pressure which prevents them from reporting the negative evaluation of local governments. I am thinking about how to examine the four explanations. 
Nov.12, 2019
I cannot find data to examine the second and third explanations. Maybe I can evaluate them in the future. The political consequence of online propaganda is a very interesting question! I should think about how to collect data about online propaganda. For the first explanation, I only need to control the new internet users. If I exclude the new internet users and still find that the relationship becomes weaker, I can say the new internet users do not weaken the relationship. For the third explanation, I think I can examine whether the effects of internet use on the evaluation of the severity of the important social and political issues changes. If the effects change, it might suggest that internet users now access less negative news about these issues. I select two issues: corruption and environmental pollution. They are the most salient issues in China today. 
Nov. 24, 2019
The illness destroyed all plans. I just begin to write examine the two possible explanations. It seems my data do not support any of the explanations. The comment of Fred is very helpful but now there is nothing to do with those problems. The difference in difference analysis does not give me significant results it might because I only have 3 panels from 2014-2018. The internet might more time to cause significant effects on the evaluation of government performance. 
Dec. 5, 2019
I find a problem, a big problem. I only use three panels from 2014 to 2018, but in fact, there are four panels in totally. The data in 2010 is also available. Including this new data will not change the result but it will make a difference in difference analysis give me a significant result.
Dec 10, 2019 
I think I should stick with the three panels. The final week is too busy. I will include the 2010 panel during the break. 
Dec 14, 2019 
All my work was done by R. I should transfer the whole project to Stata. Fred taught us how to use Stata the whole semester. It might be impolite to use R for the final project. I first append the three datasets and create a panel data but I cannot use it to analyze the first possible explanation for the decreasing trend of the negative relationship. I then merge the data. It works very well. To be fair, Stata is not good at analyzing several datasets together but it is better than expected. Again, the graph provided by Stata is quite ugly. Transferring the project does take me a lot of time. It is not a wise decision. 
Dec 15, 2019 
write the readme file 